Ohhh
Mmm
ha okay
uh uh uh uh
ha ha ha ha
mm mm
uh uh uh mm mmmm
mm mmm
ohh that's (***)
(***)
yeah yeah yeah yeah ohhhhh
Oh, that's so cool.
I think Europe is also another place that I want to go to.
Because I've never been to that continent before.
mmmmm
How many times have you gone to Europe, do you think?
Oh. mmmm
mmmmmm
ha ha ha haha
Mmm.
Mmm
Well, where was the place that you went to?
that like your image of the place before you went.
and then the actual place was the most different.
shower and cool off.
Mmmm
uh ha
It's not that bad.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I think we got introduced to it by like everyone says it's like amazing and then when they actually see it
They're surprised at how small it is.
I don't really remember seeing it. I think we just passed by in the car.
He's just, oh, okay.
Mmm
uh uh uh
Uh huh.
Mmmm
ah ha
huh ha
oh wow.
(***) very small
(***) no one (***)
Hey!
That's so interesting. Yeah, yeah.
uh huh
uh huh uhh
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
yeah yeah yeah
huh huh
uh uh uh
ohhh
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, and then
uhhh
yeah Uh-huh.
mm mm mm
huhhh
so he combined the castle and the church and then
(***). huh uh
Mm mm
huh huh uhhh
yeah yeah yeah (****) yeah yeah
Aww, I had no idea.
heyyy
(***) Oh, London?
awwww
(***) yeah
aww
uh uh uh
(***) Compared to Japan, which is more compact?
heyyyyyyy
ohh
Like the central city is. awww
Mm
ohooo